---
title: Ackriel Island Session 11
draft: false
tags:
---
The party was enjoying breakfast at the Quayside Inn when a long-limbed elf with dark skin and hair, wearing a cloak of crow's feathers entered. He approached the party and asked if they would be willing to help him. He explained that he was [[Crow Whose Every Feather is a Thousand Stories]] and that cultists dedicated to [[Azurlee]] had performed a ritual to summon him to [[The Material Plane]] and strip him of his immortality. He believed if the party could guide him to a shrine of his he could restore his divinity. In payment he offered his eternal gratitude, one of his feathers and other small favors or blessing he might be able to bestow with his restored divinity. 

After the party agreed to help he shared his only lead with them by giving [[Evette]] one of his feathers which gave her a traumatic vision. 

*Six men, one woman and three children are all that remain of your tribe. Your elders are gone, your lorekeepers brains were smashed before your very eyes. You are tired of running. Your wife and your child are tired of running. The only ones left with any will to continue are your brother and his two children. The other men have already lost everything and will make their last stand with you. Your enemies are closing in. At the site that is to be your grave you build a shrine to your people’s patron, the Crow Whose Every Feather is a Thousand Stories. By some final miracle it is completed only in a matter of days, a beautiful temple, a doomed fortress and soon a quiet tomb. 

*Your brother and his children stayed to complete the work but they are leaving now, clinging to some last hope. They believe they might find shelter in a nearby village called [[Muntz]].You hug him goodbye, then you hug your niece and your nephew, tears spilling down their cheeks as they depart. You have no more tears left. The rest of your tribe gather in the shrine. Your wife and son drink a slow poison and slowly drift into the next life, barring the door behind you as you and the other men step into the antechamber. Soon the orcs come, searching for prisoners and blood. You will not let them take anyone from this shrine alive. Over the course of hours dozens of orcs fall to your blade. One by one, the men around you perish some quickly, others slowly as the fight drags on. At last you stand alone, surrounded. You fight until the end, until an orc’s axe crushes your sternum and all become dark as a crow’s feather.

The party made their way to [[Muntz]], asking at the inn if anyone knew about a shrine to [[Crow Whose Every Feather is a Thousand Stories]]. No one knew but the party was informed elves lived in the forest to the west. They were also told the druid [[Kelmac]] who lived in the woods might have more information, or the witch [[Helena]] in the swamp to the east. 

The party headed for [[Helena]]'s hut, finding their way there with no issue. [[Helena]] agreed to tell the party what she knew if they acquired [[Feyberries]] for her. The party travelled further into the swamp to gather the berries. As the sun set they crossed a section of the swamp glowing with strange lights. They crossed through without incident but as they camped that night they could see the lights behind them still. [[Percy]] was momentarily tempted to move towards the lights but ultimately resisted it. In the morning the party gathered plenty of the berries. 