---
title: Ackriel Island Session 7
draft: false
tags:
---
The party began at the entrance of the tomb of Count Rosya, at the edges of the city of [[Nisk]]. As they entered the tombs first chamber they saw a door on the east and west sides of the room and a floor with a seam running through the middle of it. [[Knura]] turned into a roach and slipped between the seam to see the pit below the floor. After some more investigation by the party they realized the floor would drop below them with enough weight and drop them into the pit. 

[[Knura]] made her way to the eastern side of the chamber and opened the door there. Then she held the end of a rope and the rest of the party attempted to jump across the chamber, with [[Knura]] ready to catch them if they failed. [[Violet]] and [[Evette]] made it across with no problem, [[Kharmon]] made it across with a closer call.

They continued down the corridor into the next chamber and found it filled with sand. The air inside in the chamber was warm and dry. In the middle was an empty pedestal which said, "Take these and leave your name." After some experimenting with the nature of the sand they eventually realized they had to write their names in footprints in the sand, taking steps and leaving their name. The door into the next hallway opened.

They continued into the next chamber and found a sarcophagus with and encryption and glyph of warding carved upon it. This room had clearly once been filled with much of Count Rosya's treasure but it was clear that it had been largely picked clean by other adventures who had explored the tomb. There was some gold, jewels and a platinum piece left as well as an unkown orange colored potion. 

The party decided to continue to explore the tomb before opening the sarcophagus where it was suspected the sickle they were looking for was. There was a door across from where they entered which led to chamber with a suit of armor holding a sword and a torn rug. The chamber was splattered with dark, dried blood and scattered bones littered the floor. The party was suspicious and as [[Kharmon]] prepared to attack the armor, sword and carpet became animated and attacked the party. Overall it was a short encounter as the party battered the armor and sword and cut apart the rug.

After dealing with the animated objects the party noticed a set of engraved footprints by the eastern wall of the chamber. They realized none of their own feet fit in the grooves, but the boots from the armor did. Once they placed the boots in grooves there was a click and a secret door revealed itself. The tomb itself had a circular shape and hidden in its center was Count Rosya's true resting place, a small chamber with his true sarcophagus. The party opened the sarcophagus and watched Count Rosya rise in undeath, holding the sickle. He addressed the party who acted as if they were his servants. As he questioned them further Count Rosya began to see the flaws in the party's story. [[Kharmon]] offered the orange potion to Rosya hoping it was some kind of poison. Rosya recognized the potion and drank it, beginning the fight.

[[Kharmon]] fell to the back ranks, recognizing that Count Rosya was particularly angry at him. The potion, however, had been a potion of fire breathing which allowed him to target [[Kharmon]] from a distance, downing him. [[Violet]] attacked Rosya with spells and [[Knura]] took a bear form to fight Rosya. While Rosya whittled down [[Knura]]'s health [[Evette]] continued to hack away at him but missed most of her attacks. The battle continued, with things looking dire for [[Kharmon]] and beginning to become difficult for [[Knura]], [[Evette]] finally landed a critical hit throwing a javelin through Count Rosya's chest and sticking him to the wall. 