---
title: Ackriel Island Session 6
draft: false
tags:
---
The party woke after escaping the nightmare adn prepared to travel to [[Nisk]] with [[Lord Ivor]], his men and [[Maldar]]. Ivor and his men had nightmares as well, in which two men at arms had died. As they were preparing to leave the party noticed that some of the men at arms, however, were well rested. [[Kharmon]] investigated, first interrogating Bedawyr his minor rival. The conversation become to hostile and dysfunctional so he investigated a different guard instead. Eventually he found some discrepancies in the stories of the various guards, indicating some may have taken the deal offered by [[Lilith]]. 

The journey to [[Nisk]] took two days so as they slept on the road at the end of the night the party kept a close eye during watch. They noticed a couple of the guards who seemed to have taken the deal stirring in the night. The members of the party, however, were on close enough guard that they didn't attempt anything. 

The party arrived in [[Nisk]] the next day. [[Lord Ivor]] brought [[Maldar]] to a secure dungeon in the city's keep while the party set up their lodgings and explore some of the city. They spent some time buying potions then [[Kharmon]] went to explore Gobtown while [[Violet]], [[Evette]] and [[Knura]] secured lodgings at the quayside and enjoyed an evening meal overlooking the water. In Gobtown [[Kharmon]] bought drinks for the patrons of one of the bars gaining the trust of the goblins there. If needed, he would be able to find shelter from the law in that part of town. He also gathered some other intel on the goblinoids. 

The next day the party met with Baron Movitch who tasked the party with uncovering the rest of the cult to [[Lilith]] and the plans in motion against him. He offered 4,000 gold to the party to start with, with more on the table depending on the nature of the cult's plot. He suggested the party begin their investigation at a bordello called Pleasure's Promise.

[[Kharmon]] stayed behind to establish a later rendezvous with Lady Dalianna. [[Violet]] entered the bordello first, paying the entry fee and an additional charge to speak privately with an elvish man working there named Illthor. Pretending she was interested in working there, [[Violet]] investigated for any signs of occult practice. Illthor maintained that allegations of devil worship were rumors only here and that the Talia, the owner of the bordello, was a devout follower of [[Gwin]]. She did learn that Illthor suspected a former dragonborn client named Eivind of some occult links but he knew nothing definitive. He also suggested that Gobtown might hold less scrupulous brothels than the Pleasure's Promise. After their conversation he agreed to introduce [[Violet]] to Talia.

[[Evette]] and [[Knura]] entered after [[Violet]] and spoke to one of the client's inside. He was young and rich and soon they found him more repulsive than helpful. They asked for his favorite employee's there and he pointed them in the direction of a hairy dwarf named Alberick and a pretty human named Marion. [[Evette]] took a private room with Marion but discovered little more than [[Violet]] already had, except that Baron Movitch had been banned from the establishment. 

[[Knura]] spoke to Alberick but found the thick hair across his body off putting. As they spoke [[Kharmon]] caught up with the party and saw them speaking. He attempted to help [[Knura]] and she immediately through him under the bus, nearly getting him thrown out of the bordello. Ultimately they found little information.

As they left the party spoke with Talia. She professed her devotion to [[Gwin]] and explained that Baron Movitch had been banned from the establishment after harassing her and some employees. Years ago he had gotten a woman named Saralind pregnant there and since had spread rumors of occult practices at the establishment. 

Ultimately, the party concluded that Baron Movitch's lead was a red herring. Talia pointed them in the direction of Priestess Sevarra in the temple district to continue their investigation. The party spoke with Sevarra and learned she had a contact within the cult itself. She was willing to introduce him if the party could prove their strength and loyalty. She tasked them with retrieving a sickle of a former high priestess from the tomb of Count Roysa befor the session ended.